Student name and number: Calvin Liew, 1008801129

Description of site: 
I don't like waiting in lines at Tims at UTSC and
honestly if all the vendors at UTSC have online ordering 
and pick up it would be easy and convenient so 
I created UTSCEats. 

UTSCEats has two portals, one for the customer and
one for the vendor. 

Both of them have a login and register sites.

Customer side:
Onced logged in they are able to order from 'order here' tab, view current orders 
from 'view orders' tab and past orders from 'past orders' tab.

Once in 'orders here'. List of vendors should show up.
User clicks on one vendor that they would like to order from. 

Then they can order whatever food item they want in the 
menu tab of the ordering phase,
give the quantity and special requests if needed. 

At the order phase, the user can also access 'my cart'
to see their potential orders before confirming. 

If the user at any point clicks on 'exit ordering',
the cart will become empty and will be sent back
to home. 

Once the user 'pays' (by clicking on the pay button),
the user will be sent back to the customer 
portal and is able to look at their current orders.
They will see the latest order with all the important
details.

Customers can click on any order they want to see 
important details of a specific order and most
importantly the status of the order, 
whether it is ordered, processing, ready to pick up.

Once the status switches to 'ready to pick up',
hypothecially, the user will go the vendor
and pick up the food and the vendor will then
upgrade the status to 'order fulfilled'.

Vendor side:
On the vendor side, once logged in, they 
are able to multiple things:

Edit vendor information:
Vendors are able to edit their address,
building and provide an image of their 
establishment (the image is the generic one
when they register). 

Manage menu:
Vendors are able to add menu items, edit menu items and delete menu items. 
They are able to change the images of the items. If they don't provide
an image, there will be a generic one. 
They are able to edit the price, decription, name of the item. 

View current oders:
Once the customer sends a order, it will show up here. 
Vendors will see all of their orders. If they want
to see a specific order, they can click on it. 
They can see the items that the user ordered.
They can also update the status of the order. 
Once they click on the menu, it is assumed
that they will start working on it so the status
switches to 'processing'. When the vendor is finished
the item, they can click on the button to 
change the status to 'ready to pick up'. Once the 
customer arrives, the vendor can change the status 
once more to 'fulfilled'. Then the order is considered
to be finished and is only seen in the 'order records'. For the
user, it will be in the 'past orders'.

Data that is already in the database:
The zip folder should contain the database with some information already.

There is one user acconunt:
email: calvin@gmail.com
password: 123

With this account you can see some current order that I have made 
from 'Villian Burger' and one past order from 'Moonbucks'.

Here's two vendor accounts:
vendor name: villian burger
password: 123

vendor name: moonbucks
password: 123

In these two accounts, you can see their current and 
past orders, menu items and edit them, vendor information etc. 

Thats it! Thanks for viewing my project! 





